Shall we continue playing?
Get him another batch
Since '92
Until August
The domestic stock market is a heat wave
You can really play with it now.
Can try
Mr. Naye
I'll get ready.
Grandpa Jiang is awake
Ah, he went to get you medicine.
Grandpa Jiang, oops.
Look at you
Every time I come
Take so much fruit
Oh, grandpa Jiang
The doctor can tell
Eat more fruit!
Good for your health
Your old body
Gotta recover quickly
Mr. Ye is still waiting for you.
Marry him
So high
Hey, why are you here so early today?
Is something wrong?
Oh, Mr. Yip.
These past few months?
The return on this stock is very good
Well, it's August now
My dad, let me come and ask you
Are we making an additional investment?
It's the month so soon.
Oops if I remember correctly
Pengcheng
Something must be wrong soon.
Coverage in early August
A serious incident occurred on the Pengcheng Stock Exchange
The Longguo stock market ushered in unprecedented turmoil in history
Stock market waist extension
Don't sell it, tell your dad
Get rid of his stock as soon as possible
Why is that?
Because I have a hunch
Next, the national stock market will usher in a
There is a high probability of an overall decline
across the board